HERE SHE IS!
[ ALL CHEERING ]
THANKS FOR BEING THERE,
YOU GUYS.
[ Lisping ] WE WOULDN'T
HAVE MISSED IT, SWEETIE.
YOUR SPEECH
WAS FANTASTIC.
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YOUR SPEECH?
OH, IS IT
THAT OBVIOUS?
I...
I GOT ADULT BRACES!
[ CHUCKLES ]
OH!
ARE YOU SURE?
'CAUSE THEY DON'T
SEEM LIKE THEY FIT RIGHT.
UM...
I THINK
IT'S A BOLD STEP,
AND I SUPPORT YOU IN YOUR
JOURNEY OF SELF-IMPROVEMENT.
NO, YOU'RE NOT
GETTING YOUR HAIR STRAIGHTENED.
YOU KNOW YOUR DAD
WISHES HE COULD BE HERE.
PHIL:
What are you talking about?
I'm right here!
[ Laughs ]
I had Andy set me up
so I could be here with you all.
I JUST
HAD TO PLUG HIM IN.
IT WAS A NICE REVERSAL
FROM WHEN I HAD TO
PULL THE PLUG ON MY DAD
IN THE HOSPITAL.
WHILE HE WAS AWAY
ON A BUSINESS TRIP,
PHIL GOT
A TERRIBLE EAR INFECTION,
AND THE DOCTORS SAID HE COULD
BURST AN EARDRUM IF HE FLEW.
I was devastated
to miss Alex's graduation,
until I realized
I didn't have to.
I GOT TO HOLD UP MY PHONE
FOR TWO HOURS
SO PHIL COULD
SEE THE GRADUATION LIVE.
Bet I was the only dad there
not wearing pants.
How great
is this thing, huh?
IT'S SO CONVENIENT.
It's like I'm right there
in the room...with you guys.
Hello?
♪♪♪
GLORIA, WOULD YOU
TELL YOUR COUSIN
TO STOP LEAVING HIS TRASH
EVERYWHERE?
IT'S BEEN FIVE DAYS
OF THIS NONSENSE.
HE COMES IN HERE, EATS ALL
MY FOOD, DRINKS ALL MY BOOZE,
AND NEVER SO MUCH AS
DOES A DISH.
OH, YES, SO DIFFERENT
FROM WHAT ALL THOSE WHITE PEOPLE
OVER THERE ARE DOING.
YOU GOT A BLIND SPOT FOR THE
DEADBEAT YAHOOS IN YOUR FAMILY.
HE'S NOT A YAHOO, AND
DON'T SAY THAT IN FRONT OF HIM!
HE DOESN'T
SPEAK ENGLISH!
He understands it.
OH, REALLY?
FIRE! RUN!
FIRE!
Haley:
YOU'RE BEING RIDICULOUS,
BETH. DON'T GO.
OH, YOU'RE SO SWEET,
BUT I DON'T WANT TO INTRUDE,
SO I'LL JUST
SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
OH, GLORIA,
TELL HER SHE CAN STAY.
OF COURSE
YOU CAN STAY.
WE LOVE HAVING YOU HERE,
ESPECIALLY JOE.
YOU'RE
HIS NEW FAVORITE.
[ LAUGHS ]
I USED TO BE
HIS FAVORITE
UNTIL I TOLD HIM
I GET PAID TO HANG WITH HIM.
I JUST FELT LIKE
HE HAD A RIGHT TO KNOW.
IF I'M BEING HONEST,
I THOUGHT I WAS INTO ANDY.
THEN HIS GIRLFRIEND, BETH,
CAME INTO TOWN,
AND SHE'S REALLY SWEET
AND THEY'RE GREAT TOGETHER.
SO, IN THE SPIRIT OF GRADUATION,
I'M OFFICIALLY MOVING ON.
AND, UNLIKE
MY ACTUALLY GRADUATION,
THERE'S NO PREGNANCY SCARE.
ALL RIGHT.
GOOD.
UH, ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THAT OUTFIT?
WHY DOES THIS
KEEP HAPPENING?
[ BETH LAUGHS ]
WELL, IT'S NOT BECAUSE JOE
DRESSES LIKE AN ADULT.
I DRESS LIKE AN ADULT.
YOU WORE LIGHT-UP SNEAKERS
TO A RADIOHEAD CONCERT.
YES. AND DID WE
EVER GET SEPARATED?
NOT FOR LACK OF TRYING.
[ LAUGHS ]
OH, MY GOD.
HALEY, THE NUMBER OF TIMES
I'VE THROWN THOSE SHOES AWAY.
THEY'RE JUST TOO EASY TO SPOT
IN THE TRASH.
[ LAUGHS ]
OH, YES.
YUK IT UP.
I'M GONNA GO GET HIM
A NEW SHIRT.
"GOLDILOCKS."
MY MOM READ THIS TO ME
A THOUSAND TIMES.
I JUST NEVER UNDERSTOOD HOW THAT
LITTLE GIRL GOT AWAY WITH IT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL,
IF I WERE A BEAR
AND SOMEBODY
BROKE INTO MY HOUSE,
LAID IN MY BED,
AND ATE MY FOOD,
I'D RIP
HER SKINNY LITTLE ARMS OFF.
OH.
WELL, IT'S
JUST PORRIDGE, RIGHT?
IT'S MY PORRIDGE.
UM...
THERE HE IS.
THIS IS CRAZY,
BUT I HAVE THIS SAME SHIRT.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU'RE SO ADORABLE.
ISN'T HE ADORABLE?
Y-YEAH.
WOW. I SHOULD
LEAVE THE ROOM MORE OFTEN.
NO!
UH, UH...
CAN YOU BLEND CHEESE?
I DON'T THINK SO,
AND I DON'T WANT TO TRY IT.
I JUST WANT A SMOOTHIE
OR SOMETHING.
Hey, guys!
OH, MY GOSH.
OH, GOD.
Guess what.
They accepted your offer.
OH, MY GOSH!
THAT'S FANTASTIC!
WHAT OFFER?
WE'RE BUYING THE APARTMENT
UPSTAIRS FROM US.
WE'RE GONNA EXPAND,
PUT IN A PROPER GUEST ROOM,
A HOME OFFICE.
YEAH.
SO MUCH SPACE.
Congrats!
I'm gonna roll away before
you spit on my screen again.
ISN'T THAT GREAT?
YEAH.
OH, SO GREAT, SO GREAT.
I THOUGHT MITCHELL WOULD BE MORE
EXCITED ABOUT THE UNIT UPSTAIRS.
SOMETHING IS GOING ON WITH HIM.
HE'S BEEN MORE DISTANT LATELY.
FOR THE LAST TWO WEEKS,
HE HASN'T BEEN THAT INTERESTED
IN THE UNIT DOWNSTAIRS, EITHER.
What's that?
AAH!
PHIL, NOTHING.
IT'S JUST A LITTLE GIFT
I GOT ALEX.
But we already gave her
our present.
That 16-piece luggage set
was a real winner.
THIS IS MORE OF
A MOTHER-DAUGHTER THING.
IT'S JUST A KEY CHAIN
WITH A PICTURE OF ME AND ALEX
ON HER FIRST DAY
OF SCHOOL.
I WANTED HER
TO HAVE SOMETHING
THAT REMINDED HER
OF HOW MUCH I LOVE HER.
Why don't we just sing
that song I wrote her?
UH...BECAUSE I DON'T WANT
TO SING THAT LAME SONG.
Oh. Lame. Okay.
[ SIGHS ]
PHIL, REALLY? COME ON.
Only you
could hurt a robot!
HEY!
YOU, UH --
YOU NEED SOME HELP?
SURE.
SO, UM,
I WAS WONDERING --
UM, HAS BETH SAID ANYTHING
TO YOU ABOUT ME, ABOUT...
NOT LIKING ME?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
BETH'S OBSESSED WITH YOU.
SHE'S ALWAYS LIKE, "ERR!
HALEY'S SO CUTE.
I JUST WANT TO BITE HER FACE."
OH, MY GOD.
SHE ASKED ME WHERE YOU WORK,
WHERE YOU GO AT NIGHT,
WHETHER YOU HIKE ALONE.
[ WHIMPERS ]
SHE'S ACTUALLY
VERY CONCERNED ABOUT YOU.
OR IS IT POSSIBLE --
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
TALKING ABOUT?
[ GASPS ]
UH, UH, HOW I'M
ONLY INTO KOREAN DUDES.
[ CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ]
Oh, hey, honey.
YEAH.
HEY, PHIL.
HEY, DON'T TURN.
BE COOL, BE COOL.
I NEED YOU TO MAKE THIS
APARTMENT THING GO AWAY.
What?
I SAID, "BE COOL."
Why do you
want it to go away?
[ SIGHS ]
WE HAD SOME BUDGET CUTS
AT THE OFFICE,
AND A BUNCH OF US GOT LAID OFF.
NOW -- NOW,
I DIDN'T TELL CAM BECAUSE...
I WAS EMBARRASSED,
BUT ALSO BECAUSE I KNEW --
I KNEW I WOULD GET ANOTHER JOB
LIKE THAT.
IT'S BEEN A MONTH,
AND -- AND NOW IT'S JUST WEIRD
THAT I DIDN'T TELL HIM
IN THE FIRST PLACE,
SO EVERY MORNING,
I LEAVE FOR WORK.
WELL, HEIGH-HO, HEIGH-HO.
IT'S OFF TO WORK I GO.
OKAY.
I SEND OUT MY RéSUMé.
AND THEN, LIKE MOST
UNEMPLOYED PEOPLE
HIDING THE TRUTH
FROM THEIR SPOUSES,
I GO TO THE PARK.
AND THEN, ONE DAY,
I MET SPENCER.
HELLO.
AND NOW I PLAY CHECKERS
WITH SPENCER.
[ LAUGHS ]
NO! AAH!
OH!
AND HIS BEST FRIEND, GEORGE,
WHO HELPED ME GET OVER
MY LIFELONG FEAR OF BIRDS.
[ Laughing ] THAT TICKLES.
STOP IT! STOP IT!
Mitchell,
you can talk to me.
I'm a Realtor.
I NEED YOU
TO KILL THE DEAL, OKAY?
DON'T TELL CAM.
Mitch...
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
WHAT DID MITCHELL SAY?
Ooh!
Do I smell Jay's famous ribs?
PHIL. PHIL.
[ Humming ]
Hey, hey! Hey!
CALM DOWN.
GLORIA NEEDS NAPKIN RINGS.
I'M GONNA HOLD YOU UP.
YOU CAN CHECK THE HIGH SHELVES.
Lift with your legs.
I had a big lunch.
[ Laughs ]
[ Imitates beeping ]
I don't see
any napkin rings.
I just see a box
with some Spanish written on it.
OH,
THAT'S PROBABLY IT.
Crockett and Tubbs!
That's heroin!
WHAT?!
You know,
horse, smack, hell dust.
I KNOW THE NICKNAMES.
I'VE WATCHED "KOJAK."
I GUARANTEE THAT
LOW-LIFE COUSIN OF GLORIA'S
STASHED THIS
UP THERE.
JAY, WHERE ARE
THE NAPKIN RINGS?
I'll give you guys
some privacy.
LOOK WHAT YOUR COUSIN'S
HIDING IN HERE.
THAT'S MY HORSE.
[ Gasps ]
THAT'S YOURS?
YES, I BROUGHT IT BACK
FROM COLOMBIA.
MY GOD.
I MARRIED INTO A DRUG CARTEL?
THESE ARE THE ASHES
OF MY DEAD HORSE, GAUCHO.
I HAD HIM
WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL.
Ohhhh.
YOU THOUGHT
THAT THESE WERE DRUGS
AND THAT THEY BELONG
TO MY COUSIN?
WELL, WHAT
WAS I SUPPOSED TO THINK?
I AM SICK OF THIS,
JAY.
YOU TREAT MY FAMILY
LIKE THEY'RE CRIMINALS.
LIKE HE WOULD BRING $150,000
WORTH OF HEROIN INTO THIS HOUSE!
How do you know
how much --
WHAT?! I CAN'T KNOW
STREET VALUE?!
ALEX, HONEY,
COULD I BORROW YOU FOR A MINUTE?
ONE SEC.
UNCLE MITCH,
THIS IS AMAZING.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU KEPT ALL OF THIS.
OH,
IT'S NOTHING SPECIAL.
IT'S JUST
A HANDMADE SCRAPBOOK
OF EVERY NOTE AND DRAWING
YOU EVER MADE ME.
[ LAUGHS ]
YOU -- YOU GOT TO BE
KIDDING ME.
OH, OH.
HOLA.
THIS IS GOOD.
THIS IS A REPORT CARD
THAT YOU MADE FOR ME
WHEN YOU WERE 4,
AND YOU GAVE ME
A B-MINUS AS AN UNCLE.
I WAS MAD BECAUSE YOU WASTED
YOUR VOTE ON RALPH NADER.
WELL...
BUT TODAY,
YOU GET AN A-PLUS,
BECAUSE THIS IS
THE MOST THOUGHTFUL GIFT EVER.
OH!
YEAH.
OH, MITCHELL, WHERE DO YOU
EVEN FIND THE TIME FOR THIS?
YOU KNOW...
SO, THIS ONE --
HERE OR HERE?
HMM.
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT ABOUT HERE?
OH! SPENCER!
[ GRUNTS ]
HEY, GUYS, SO,
A RANDOM QUESTION,
BUT, UM,
DO ANY OF YOU
GET KIND OF A WEIRD VIBE
FROM BETH?
YOU KNOW, LIKE MAYBE
SOMETHING'S A LITTLE OFF?
BETH?
NO. SHE'S AN ANGEL.
YEAH,
SHE SEEMS SUPER-SWEET.
YOU'RE REALLY NOT SHYING AWAY
FROM THOSE "S" WORDS, ARE YOU?
S-SO, NO ONE THINKS
THAT BETH HAS MAYBE, LIKE,
A SLIGHTLY PSYCHOTIC SIDE?
OH.
I SEE
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
SOMEBODY'S JEALOUS
'CAUSE SHE'S NOT
THE ONLY PRETTY GIRL
AROUND HERE
ANYMORE, HMM?
UGH.
WOW!
THANKS, MOM.
BETH'S SUPER-HOT.
IF EVERYONE IN THE COAST GUARD
LOOKS LIKE THAT,
SIGN ME UP.
IT'S JUST ON THE WEEKENDS,
RIGHT?
FORGET IT.
YOU'RE ALL USELESS.
[ CELLPHONE DINGS ]
OH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHO WAS THAT?
OH, IT'S JUST WORK.
THERE IS A LINE
THAT I WILL NOT CROSS.
AS SOON AS I TOUCH THAT PHONE,
I'M A SUSPICIOUS SPOUSE,
AND THAT IS NOT ME.
SO, I SAY
TO THE WAITRESS...
[ CELLPHONE DINGS ]
...UM...
"I SAW YOU POUR
FROM THE REGULAR POT."
[ CELLPHONE DINGS ]
AND, UM,
SHE'S LIKE, "NOPE.
I, UH, POURED
FROM THE DECAF POT."
[ CELLPHONE DINGS ]
YOU KNOW?
OH, MY GOSH.
WHOOPS.
LET ME GET THAT.
COME ON.
DON'T LEAVE ME HANGING.
WERE YOU UP ALL NIGHT?
"HAD FUN WITH YOU. SPENCER.
SEE YOU MONDAY. SPENCER.
SMILEY FACE. SPENCER."
WHO IS SPENCER?!
HEY, MR. D.
Hey.
CAN WE TALK?
Sure thing.
What'll you have?
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
What's up?
SO, I'VE BEEN...
GETTING SOME SIGNALS
FROM BETH
THAT SHE
WANTS ME TO PROPOSE.
That's exciting.
YEAH.
I EVEN HAVE A RING.
So, what's the hold-up?
WELL...
THERE'S THIS OTHER GIRL,
AND I FEEL LIKE I HAVE
A SERIOUS CONNECTION WITH HER,
BUT...I JUST DON'T KNOW
HOW SHE FEELS.
Andy, back when I was dating
Claire, I used to think,
"What if I'm in the laundromat
one day,
and Robin Givens
walks in?"
[ Laughs ]
She asks me
for a quarter.
I hand her one.
Our fingers linger.
She wonders
if maybe after "Iron Mike,"
what she's
really yearning for
is the touch
of a gentler man.
I'M NOT FOLLOWING.
It's natural to wonder
about a different path,
but if you truly love Beth,
you should propose.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'LL DO IT.
THERE'S THIS PLACE SHE LOVES
BY THE OCEAN.
I'LL TAKE HER THERE
AND PROPOSE AT SUNSET.
Great!
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Bring it in.
[ Laughs ]
OH, COME ON.
GET A ROOMBA.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
HONEY, THE KEY CHAIN
WAS A BUST.
I NEED SOMETHING ELSE.
QUICK. COME ON.
Got it.
You want to sing the song.
Good thing I brought my ukulele
on the trip.
TRIP! OH!
WHEN ALEX WAS LITTLE,
I TOOK HER FOR BRUNCH
AT THAT CUTE LITTLE
DUTCH TOWN UP NORTH.
I-I COULD
TAKE HER THERE AGAIN.
[ Ukulele plays ]
A TRIP FOR JUST THE TWO OF US.
IT'S PERFECT.
♪ When you don't -- ♪
Claire?
AAH!
[ LAUGHS ]
ALEX, HONEY,
DO YOU REMEMBER --
OH, MY GOD, MOM!
GRANDPA GOT ME A TRIP TO EUROPE
FOR MY GRADUATION!
I JUST WANTED HER TO KNOW
HOW MUCH SHE MEANT TO ME.
YES!
[ LAUGHTER ]
I hate this family.
PHIL, I NEED TO TALK TO YOU,
MAN-TO-MAN.
I THINK MITCHELL'S
HAVING AN AFFAIR.
What?
I WAS GOING THROUGH
HIS WALLET
AND I FOUND A RECEIPT TO
THE AVIAN HOTEL.
IT'S PROBABLY
SOME FANCY FRENCH PLACE
WHERE HE'S MEETING
HIS LOVER
FOR THEIR SECRET
WEEKLY RENDEZVOUS.
HAS HE SAID ANYTHING TO YOU
ABOUT THE UNIT UPSTAIRS?
[ Gasps ]
[ GASPS ]
YOU GASPED.
Only because you did.
PHIL, TELL ME
WHAT YOU KNOW RIGHT NOW.
I don't know anything.
Put me down.
Talk to your husband.
THIS IS MY WALLET.
YOU NEVER SAW ME.
[ DOG BARKS ]
Stella, no. Bad girl.
[ STELLA GROWLS ]
Bad girl.
Stella, no.
[ STELLA BARKS ]
LILY SPILLED SOME JUICE
ON THE COUNTER.
SHOULD I FRISK HER
FOR GUNS?
OH, GEEZ.
OH, SORRY.
Jay, no!
Beth: HALEY!
COME CHECK IT OUT.
I WAS JUST SHOWING
LUKE AND MANNY
SOME THINGS THAT I LEARNED
IN COAST GUARD TRAINING.
MM-HMM.
YOU LOOK SO PRETTY.
ALL RIGHT, MANNY,
TAKE THIS PEN FROM ME.
OH. SO, YOU JUST
WANT ME TO GRAB IT?
AAH!
SEE?
THAT'S WHAT YOU DO
WHEN SOMEONE TRIES TO
TAKE SOMETHING THAT'S YOURS.
AWESOME.
MY TURN.
WHAT HAPPENED?
DID I GET THE PEN?
HEY, YOUR
HAIR'S BURNING!
WHAT?!
[ SCREAMING ]
AY! YOUR HAIR!
I GOT IT!
OW! OW!
IT'S OUT! IT'S OUT!
WHAT HAPPENED?
IT MUST HAVE BEEN
THAT CANDLE.
WHY'D YOU SIT
SO CLOSE TO IT?
SHE TOLD ME TO!
AY, BETH, THANK GOD
THAT YOU WERE HERE.
I'M JUST GLAD
I COULD HELP.
IT'S GETTING
CRAZY IN HERE.
YOU WANT TO COOL THINGS OFF
IN THE POOL?
[ COUGHS ]
Jay!
Oh, thank God.
THERE YOU ARE.
OKAY, YOU ARE --
YOU'RE NEVER...
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA BELIEVE
WHAT MY DAD DID.
Lock you
in the bathroom?
NO.
HE GAVE ALEX A TRIP TO EUROPE
FOR HER GRADUATION PRESENT.
THERE'S NO WAY
I CAN NOW GIVE HER
A WEEKEND OF
DUTCH PANCAKE BALLS AFTER THAT.
Can you open the door?
I'm feeling claustrophobic.
PHIL, YOU'RE IN A HOTEL ROOM
IN SEATTLE.
I'M DESPERATE.
JUST TEACH ME THE SONG.
Well, well, well.
Look who came crawling back.
JUST TEACH IT TO ME.
Okay.
It's called "Go Ask Alex."
♪ When you don't know
what a word means ♪
♪ Go ask Alex ♪
♪ If you need someone
to hem your jeans ♪
♪ Go ask Alex ♪
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M EVEN SAYING THIS,
BUT INSTEAD OF
"HEM YOUR JEANS,"
COULD IT BE
"STEAM YOUR GREENS"?
No, it can't.
The jeans come back
at the 4-minute mark.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
HALEY.
HOW YOU FEELING?
HEARD ABOUT THE HAIR FIRE.
SOUNDS SCARY.
[ Nervously ] UH-HUH.
POOR THING.
I LEFT YOU A GIFT ON YOUR CAR
TO HELP YOU FEEL BETTER.
IT'S THE RED ONE,
RIGHT?
UH-HUH.
HEY, CAN YOU DO ME A FAVOR
AND GO START MY CAR?
UH, I GUESS.
THANKS.
HE'S ALIVE. IT'S FINE.
OKAY, EVERYBODY
GATHER 'ROUND.
PHIL AND I HAVE PREPARED
SOMETHING VERY SPECIAL
FOR OUR BRILLIANT GRADUATE,
ALEX.
OKAY, YOU READY?
♪ WHEN YOU... ♪
WHY IS THAT NOT --
OKAY, THERE'S NO SOUND.
PHIL, HONEY?
THERE'S NO SOUND.
OKAY, SO, WHILE CLAIRE FIXES
ROBOT PHIL, I MAKE TOAST.
WHEN I FIRST
CAME INTO THIS FAMILY,
I DIDN'T THINK
I WAS EVER GOING TO BE ACCEPTED.
THEN, ONE DAY,
ALEX NEEDED TO WRITE A REPORT
ABOUT A FAMILY MEMBER,
AND SHE PICKED ME.
THAT WAS THE FIRST TIME I
REALLY FELT PART OF THE FAMILY.
AY, ALEX, YOU WERE THE FIRST ONE
TO REACH OUT TO ME,
AND I WILL
NEVER FORGET THAT.
THEY ALL CALL YOU
THE SMART ONE,
BUT TO ME,
YOU'RE THE KIND ONE.
I'M SO LUCKY TO HAVE YOU
IN MY LIFE, BABY.
GLORIA.
HEAR, HEAR.
Oh, there you are.
[ Ukulele plays ]
♪ When you don't know
what a word -- ♪
NO, NOT DOING IT, NOT DOING IT.
WE'RE NOT -- NOT DOING IT.
[ CELLPHONE DINGS ]
OH. ONE SECOND.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GLORIA, WATCHING YOU
GIVE THAT TOAST,
I SEE YOU TREAT MY FAMILY
LIKE YOUR OWN.
AND YOU'RE RIGHT.
I NEED TO TREAT
YOUR COUSIN NICER.
THANK YOU, JAY.
DO ME A FAVOR, HUH?
WOULD YOU TRANSLATE FOR ME?
TELL ARMANDO I'M SORRY I HAVEN'T
BEEN MORE WELCOMING TO HIM.
I KNOW YOU'RE HIDING JAY'S
CIGARS IN YOUR POCKET.
TELL HIM
HE'S A GREAT GUY.
HOW DARE YOU STEAL FROM US, YOU
DONKEY!
AND HE CAN STAY
AS LONG AS HE WANTS.
RETURN THE CIGARS AND GET OUT!
WE FORGIVE YOU.
YOU SURE? MAYBE I CAN GIVE HIM
A LITTLE HUG OR SOMETHING.
NO, IT'S TOO MUCH.
BYE-BYE.
HEY!
OKAY, I'VE HAD ENOUGH.
I NEED TO KNOW.
WHO IS THIS
PRECIOUS SPENCER?
OH, GOD.
HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT SPENCER?
SO YOU ADMIT IT.
YOU ARE HAVING AN AFFAIR.
WHAT?
IT'S THE BRACES,
ISN'T IT?
I'VE DRIVEN YOU TO STRAY.
I'M HIDEOUS.
CAM,
YOU'RE ACTING CRAZY.
AM I?
MITCHELL...
I FOUND THE RECEIPT
TO THE AVIAN HOTEL.
THAT'S PRONOUNCED
"AY-VEE-ANN."
WELL, IT SOUNDS SEEDY.
IT IS.
IT'S A KENNEL FOR BIRDS.
IT'S WHERE
I PICKED UP GEORGE.
THERE'S A GEORGE, TOO?
CALM DOWN.
I'M TALKING ABOUT A COCKATOO.
OH! ONE OR TWO.
IS THAT ALL? HOW BLASé.
CAM, GEORGE IS A BIRD,
AND SPENCER IS AN OLD MAN
I'VE BEEN HANGING OUT WITH
AT THE PARK,
BECAUSE I...
I GOT LAID OFF.
YOU LOST YOUR JOB?
I'M SORRY.
I JUST --
I COULDN'T TELL YOU
THAT I WAS OUT OF WORK AGAIN.
I...I FEEL LIKE
SUCH A LOSER.
NO, PLEASE.
MY GOSH.
AS LONG AS
YOU'RE NOT CHEATING ON ME,
THAT'S
ALL THAT MATTERS.
SOMETHING WILL COME UP.
YOU'RE A GREAT LAWYER.
OH, THANK YOU.
I JUST --
I DON'T THINK THAT WE CAN GET
THAT APARTMENT RIGHT NOW.
OF COURSE WE CAN.
WE ALREADY
HAVE THE DOWN PAYMENT.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE COULD GET RENTERS.
WE COULD IT
INTO AN AIRBNB.
UH...REALLY?
DIFFERENT PEOPLE EVERY WEEK?
HOW EXCITING AND NEW.
IT'D BE LIKE "THE LOVE BOAT."
OH!
HEY, MOM,
HAVE A SECOND?
ALREADY AM.
I WANTED TO
GIVE YOU A PRESENT.
ME? NO.
HONEY, I WANT
TO GIVE YOU A PRESENT.
THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN
TRYING TO DO ALL DAY.
YOU ARE THE LAST PERSON
WHO SHOULD GIVE ME ANYTHING.
YOU GOT ME HERE.
YOU GOT ME TO GRADUATION,
TO CALTECH.
YOU DID IT.
AND YOU'RE DONE.
THANK YOU, SWEETIE.
THANK YOU. I LOVE YOU.
I WANT YOU TO GO TO EUROPE
WITH ME.
WHAT?!
YEAH.
WE'LL HAVE A GREAT TIME.
CAFéS, MUSEUMS.
PLUS, EUROPE IS NOT SAFE
FOR TEENAGE GIRLS.
YOU'VE SEEN "TAKEN."
COULD YOU IMAGINE
DAD GETTING THAT PHONE CALL?
WHAT IS HIS
PARTICULAR SET OF SKILLS?
JUGGLING?
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
HEY, DAD,
CAN WE TALK?
Sure, honey.
IN PRIVATE?
[ Straining ] Oh, not so hard.
I can't breathe.
[ Laughs ]
Little robot humor.
I noticed you didn't laugh
at my robot joke.
What's going on?
EVERYONE THINKS BETH IS SO
GREAT, BUT I THINK SHE'S CRAZY.
SHE'S BEEN
AFTER ME ALL DAY.
Why would she
be after you?
SHE THINKS
I'M IN LOVE WITH ANDY.
Are you?
NO.
I MEAN, I CARE ABOUT HIM.
HE MAKES ME LAUGH.
I LIKE SPENDING TIME WITH HIM.
Well, do you think about him
when he's not around?
I GUESS.
SOMETIMES, I SEE
SOMETHING FUNNY AND I THINK,
"OH, ANDY
WOULD LOVE THAT.
I WISH HE WERE HERE
SO I COULD SHARE IT WITH HIM."
BUT...
Honey,
I know I'm just a robot,
but that sounds
like love to me.
[ SIGHS ]
WELL...
DOESN'T MATTER ANYWAY.
HE'S IN LOVE
WITH SOMEONE ELSE.
MAYBE I'M THE CRAZY ONE.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
DON'T MEAN TO INTERRUPT.
JUST CAME TO SAY GOODBYE.
MM-HMM.
BETH AND I ARE GOING TO
TAKE A DRIVE,
TRY TO CATCH THE SUNSET.
OKAY, WELL, HAVE FUN.
OKAY.
IT'S HALEY. HALEY'S THE GIRL.
YOU LOVE HA--
[ NO AUDIO ]
...LOVE EACH OTHER!
COME ON.
I'LL WALK YOU OUT.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
YOU GUYS LOVE EACH OTH--
YOU'RE MAKING A HUGE MISTAKE!
Beth: READY?
BYE.
COME BACK.
OH, BOY.
THIS IS GONNA HURT.
Stop!
Oh-ho-ho!
Aaaah!
Hello?
Hello?!
NO!
Hello?
Can anybody hear me?
Oh, thank God.
You've got to help me.
I've been in an accident.
I-I need you
to find my daughter.
Oh, great.
Thank you.
What -- What are you doing?
Where are you going?
W-Where are you taking me?
Put me down!
Help! I'm being taken!
-- Captions by VITAC --